fix: broken links in content (#6327)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib-v1/auth/existing-resources.mdx

amplify import auth
```

> For more details, see how to [Use an existing Cognito User Pool and Identity Pool](/[platform]/tools/cli/auth/import/).

Reviewer: This one us moving
```suggestion
For more details, see how to [Use an existing Cognito User Pool and Identity Pool](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/import/).
```
